feat: add release notes for UIB 1.3.10 (#3244)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/ui-builder-release-notes.adoc

= Release Notes
:description: This is the release notes for Bonita UI Builder

== UI Builder 1.3.10 (2026-0x-xx)

=== New features

* Some Appsmith features have been activated

>   * Static URLS: TODO add link to guides when available (see PR #3243 for more details)

Author: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
  * New xref:applications:ui-builder/how-to-use-static-url.adoc[static URL] support: assign custom slugs to applications and pages for stable, shareable URLs that persist across deployments and environments **(see PR #3243 for more details)**
```
